Advantages of Array in C#:
1.It is used to represent similar types of multiple data items using a single name.
2.We can use arrays to implement other data structures such as linked lists, trees, graphs, stacks, queues, etc.
3.The two-dimensional arrays in C# are used to represent matrices.
4.The Arrays in C# are strongly typed.
That means they are used to store similar types of multiple data items using a single name. 
As the arrays are strongly typed so we are getting two advantages.
First, the performance of the application will be much better because boxing and unboxing will not happen. Secondly, runtime errors will be prevented because of a type mismatch. In this case, at compile time it will give you the error if there is a type mismatch.

Disadvantages of using Arrays in C#:
1.The array size is fixed. So, we should know in advance how many elements are going to be stored in the array. Once the array is created, then we can never increase the size of an array. If you want then we can do it manually by creating a new array and copying the old array elements into the new array.
2.As the array size is fixed, if we allocate more memory than the requirement then the extra memory will be wasted. On the other hand, if we allocate less memory than the requirement, then it will create the problem.
3.We can never insert an element into the middle of an array. It is also not possible to delete or remove elements from the middle of an array.

Limitations of Array in C#:
1.The array size is fixed. Once the array is created we can never increase the size of an array.
2.If we want then we can do it manually by creating a new array and copy the old array elements into the new array or 
by using the Array class Resize method which will do the same thing means to create a new array and copy the old array elements into the 
new array and then destroy the old array.
3.We can never insert an element into the middle of an array.
4.Deleting or removing elements from the middle of the array.
